Greg Murray: So for my wife and I ah, we had the three criteria. It needed to be interesting and
Greg Murray: challenging, it had to be meaningful, and it had to have the opportunity to be
Greg Murray: financially rewarding and we have not been disappointed in any of that.
Laura Griffin: Every day um, there's something new that happens with our customers, with our employees. Um, it's a great challenge.
Sandy Scandrett: For me, that means balance. For me, that means better financial opportunities. I love going iin every morning.
Hamo Gharibian: Everyday you learn something new.
Greg Gagnon: I think the best part about owning your own business is being able to make some of your own rules.
Greg Murray: We hire the types of people we want to hire. We motivate them the way we want to motivate them.
Naresh Bhatt: So, I can manage my own schedule. I can manage my own time.
Matthew Wood: It's allowed me to dream bigger um, and think outside of the box.
Joy Batchelor: What makes it worthwhile at the end of the day is the customers. The customers treat us like we're family.
Greg Murray: The interesting thing about The UPS Store is that when the customer walks through the door there's
Greg Murray: an extremely high probability that they're coming there to do something that's important to them.
Matthew Wood: When they bring in an idea on a sheet of paper and then we can sit down and design and make
Matthew Wood: that product for them and print it out and see the smile on their face brings satisfaction to me.
Sandy Scandrett: Owning my own um business, my own franchise has, uh improved every aspect of my life.
Greg Gagnon: For me, that means balance. For me, that means better financial opportunities.
Laura Griffin: We have a community of other franchisees.
Jim George: Everybody loves to help everybody else and you're, you're really part of a-a family.
Naresh Bhatt: And in addition uh, I feel the franchise, franchisor support system is excellent.
Hamo Gharibian: It's rewarding because ah, at the end of the day you're building something for your business. Something for yourself.
Joy Batchelor: This is a no brainer to us.
Laura Griffin: It has really changed my life.